well all guys orgasms that are here
to welcome you in the sarro to
chelsea new episode after a while
I bring an episode to the channel that opens
with the purchase of cahill defender more
strong that there is in chelsea why not
we have very large jug the defenders
is the one that has good speed and
however good values ​​of physical defenses
so it is our defensive pivot that
however it consumes good couple formula
absolutely had to take it because
besides being strong and I was
recommended by almost all of you
keep recommending players from
take in the next videos though
however they are ending and soon we will go
to play in the gold tournament anyway
let's go with a new one a new game
with the first game of the pisodio
we find this player with one
really very nice team a hybrid
very strong even if only two championships
more or less the game is enough
balanced except that it has towards the
35th I do a stupid with the
defender with aspire queta that comes
expelled the opponent does not score in that
case marks at the end after they are with i
teeth I managed to hold
pretty much the whole game
unfortunately mark rondon with a shot
quite lucky because hit
also the pole and then I eat of
all in the final as you can see here
drogba there is a ball of one of one
that maybe it would have made me lose to
in any case, I lose in the extra
regulatory times 10 or in any case there
was why after that stupid
perhaps he did not deserve the red pins
queta but after some stupid I have
really suffered so much being expelled
I had to buy both spi
filipe luis tongue that will be anyway
very titillating because really strong and
then greets us with
very few games played the vast
queta césar azpilicueta called dave nuova
game the team is forming
unfortunately drogba has played a game
very ugly last year, yes
can redo against this opponent who
still a very good team
but he doesn't have a super fast defense
at least for the part of
left in fact I start immediately at the
great with an Oscar goal that guys
proves to be a player
phenomenal look here for that action
skipped two players and put it on
half one with a wonderful action
comes the goal of the hall that it too
it is turning out to be really good
player you will also see later
oscar just to make a golasso succeeds
a from outside the area pull this shot a
turn one of his classic goals to put it
all of which then manages to free even
drug for the goal of 4 to 0 so we are
type two goals and two assists something
genre for what it is called for oscar
really a strong player I
liked so much then another nice goal
of the hall that manages to jump the goalkeeper
with a twinge ends 5 to 0 game
won quite easily though
however the opponent as I said
before he had a good team but I was
quite superior last purchase
of the day peter cech
we needed a decent porter in the sense
what schwarzer last games he played
pretty well not very well either
very badly, however, the time has come for
replace it and then take that in the
next episode I will probably take
rowing to have an extra gear too
offensively, however, I look for a new one
adversary so I come so
network check in progress however the
team as you see one is forming
good team pity that there is ivanovic
which is not very fast otherwise it would be
very competitive
third and final opponent beak this
here that does not have so much understanding or better
almost all understood not too much we say
but really good players
in any case it starts very well with
wonderful room action coming in
everyone jumps in the area with feints
incredible at a ball control a
crazy dribbling and manages to score
of one to zero after half an hour of
balance but then immediately after
I make a stupid here not stalling
consumes
but that goes down immediately and the opponent can
dribble can make its zig zag go
straight on goal and make goals from one to
a goal that will be the only one of this
game for my opponent because then
however I was playing very well
so also here with a bit of luck or
however the same would have entered the
always an oscar shot to say one
makes the goal of 2 1 then closes asar that
however it was from some game that not
you could see just zero either assist and
so even asar makes this goal of 3
to 1 that closes the game also because
the opponent
obviously on 3 to 1 he decides to drive
it still had 25 minutes, he had everything
time to try a comeback in each
so he is my players here
they all mark but drugs
however raga
for now he is doing well with the team
I am quite comfortable with the form
yet I must change to them
I dare to change drugs while rowing then
maybe diego what to try later
maybe not somatic instead of mikel
which seems a little stronger to me
I don't want this right now
take fabregas because I am
quite well indeed very well with
oscar and I would not replace it though
maybe you could also try
change form let me know in
comments what you prefer anyway
raga the video ends here
as always invites you to leave a beautiful
I like see if we can
get to 300 likes for the next
episode and for the greatest
oscar performance in this episode
as always, I invite you to write
in the comments if you liked this
video likes the series and which ones
players take later
subscribed to my facebook page channel
twitter instagram all the links it
find us as always in the description
see you at the next beautiful video
girl